 # Complaint Management System

This is a simple complaint management system that allows users to raise complaints and view their history of complaints.

## Prerequisites

- Java Development Kit (JDK)
- Apache Tomcat server
- MySQL database

## Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. Import the `complaints.sql` file into your MySQL database.
3. Update the `connection.properties` file with your database connection details.
4. Deploy the `complaint.war` file to your Tomcat server.

## Usage

1. Open a web browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8080/complaint`.
2. Enter your username and password to log in.
3. Click on the "Raise Complaint" button to raise a new complaint.
4. Enter a description of your complaint and click on the "Raise" button.
5. Your complaint will be submitted and you will be able to view it in your history of complaints.

## Code Overview

The complaint management system consists of the following files:

- `index.jsp`: This is the home page of the system. It displays a list of the user's complaints.
- `complaint.jsp`: This page allows the user to raise a new complaint.
- `Complaints.java`: This is the Java class that handles the database operations.
- `connection.properties`: This file contains the database connection details.

### index.jsp

The `index.jsp` file is the home page of the system. It displays a list of the user's complaints. The following code snippet shows how the complaints are fetched from the database:

```java
<%
    String uname = (String)session.getAttribute("uname");
    out.println("<p>" + uname + "</p>");
    Complaints complaints = new Complaints();
    ResultSet res = complaints.complaintsOfUser(uname);
    try{
        if(res.next()){
            res.previous();
            out.println("<table class="table talbe-dark"><thead><tr><th>Complaint Id</th><th>Description</th><th>When raised</th><th>Status</th></tr></thead><tbody>");
            while(res.next()) {
                out.println("<tr><td>" + res.getString(1) + "</td>");
                out.println("<td>" + res.getString(2) + "</td>");
                out.println("<td>" + res.getString(3) + "</td>

Generated by [BlackboxAI](https://www.blackbox.ai)